
h1. Sites

<big>Every folder under the @sites/@ folder is a site. To create a site, you only need to create a new folder and add a text file with some content. It's that easy to get started!</big>

Servant will create menus, fancy URLs, sitemaps, stylesheets and much more for each site. You can have as many sites as you want. Each site will use one template and one theme, so you can choose the structure and the look that you like.



h2. Creating a site

Create a folder under @sites/@ and add one or more page documents. This is the minimum content required: point your browser to where you installed Servant, and type the folder name of the site you just created in the URL to view your site.

Your site is still pretty barebones, so maybe you should start "creating more pages":pages?



h2. Site settings

Site settings are **completely optional**, but you probably want to manually define some things, like the template and theme you're using. By adding @settings.json@ in your site's folder you can define these things with a very simple syntax. Here's an example:

h5. @sites/my-site/settings.json@

<pre>@"icon": "favicon.png",
"template": "bootstrap",
"names": {
	"my-site": "My Awesome Site",
	"html": "HTML"
}
@</pre>

This format is called _JSON_. Type the name of the property, add a colon and type in the value. Remember to use quotes and separate multiple definitions with commas. Some values have children (like <code>"names"</code>) &ndash; <code>{ ... }</code> or <code>[ ... ]</code> are used in these cases.



h3. Supported settings

|_. Setting|_. Description|_. Example values|
|*icon*|||
|*names*|||
|*template*|The template to use for this site. Available templates are folders under @templates/@. If you leave this out, a template will be "selected automatically":templates-and-themes.|@default@, @bootstrap@, @documentation@|



h2. Name & icon

Your site's name will be generated from its folder name, but you can also choose another name in your site's settings. Templates usually put this name in the site's header and browser's title bar.

You can also choose an icon image. An icon should be a @.png@, @.jpg@ or a @.ico@ file and its location included in site settings (details above). Templates will handle delivering the icon image to the browser.
