
h1. Site settings

Site settings are **completely optional**, but you probably want to manually define some things, like your the name of your page. By adding @settings.json@ in your site's folder you can define these things with a very simple syntax. Here's an example:



h5. @settings.json@

<pre><code>"browserCache": "0*3*60",
"serverCache": "0*7*24*7*60",
"language": "en",
"name": "Servant",
"description": "Effortless publishing for the web",
"icon": "site/content/favicon.ico",
"splashImage": "site/content/splash.png",
"pageNames": {
	"text-and-markdown": "Text & Markdown",
	"url-manipulation": "URL manipulation"
}
</code></pre>

This format is called _JSON_. Type the name of the property, add a colon and type in the value. Remember to use quotes and separate multiple settings with commas. Some values have children &ndash; <code>{ ... }</code> or <code>[ ... ]</code> are used in this case.



h3. Supported settings

|_. Setting|_. Description|_. Example values|
|*browserCache*|Suggested caching time for browsers, in minutes.| @"3*60"@ |
|*serverCache*|Caching time used by Servant, in minutes.| @"2*24*60"@ |
|*language*|Two-letter language code, the main language of your site.|@"en"@, @"fr"@|
|*icon*|Path (relative to Servant root) to an icon image file.<br>Use @.png@, @.jpg@ or @.ico@ files.|@"site/favicon.png"@|
|*splashImage*|Path (relative to Servant root) to an splash image file.|@"site/splash.png"@|
|*name*|||
|*description*|||
|*pageNames*|Custom names to use for your pages.||



h2. Name & icon

Your site's name will be generated from its folder name, but you can also choose another name in your site's settings. Templates usually put this name in the site's header and browser's title bar. You can also do the same for page names.
