
h1. Sites

<big>Every folder under the @sites/@ is a site. To create a site, you only need to create a new folder and add a text file with some content. It's that easy to get started!</big>

Servant will create menus, fancy URLs, sitemaps, stylesheets and much more for each site. You can have as many sites as you want. Each site will use one "_template_ and one _theme_":templates-and-themes, so you can choose the structure and the look that you like.



h2. Creating a site

Create a folder under @sites/@ and add one or more page documents. This is the minimum content required: point your browser to where you installed Servant, and type the folder name of the site you just created in the URL to view your site.

Your site is still pretty barebones, so maybe you should start "creating more pages":pages?



h2. Site settings

Site settings are completely optional, but you probably want to manually define some things like the template + theme you're using. By adding @settings.txt@ in your site's folder you can define these things with a very simple syntax. Here's an example:

h5. @sites/my-site/settings.txt@

<pre>@
icon: favicon.png
name: My Awesome Site
template: bootstrap
theme: bootstrap-green
@</pre>

So, to define settings, simply type the name of the property, add a colon and type in the value. Separate multiple definitions with line breaks or commas. Don't worry about being picky about whitespaces or empty lines.



h3. Supported settings

|_. Setting|_. Description|_. Example values|
|*icon*|||
|*name*|||
|*template*|The template to use for this site. Available templates are folders under @templates/@. If you leave this out, a template will be "selected automatically":templates-and-themes.|@default@, @bootstrap@, @documentation@|
|*theme*|The theme to use for this site. Available themes are folders under @themes/@. If you leave this out, a theme will be "selected automatically":templates-and-themes.|@bootstrap@, @bootstrap-green@, @default@|



h2. Name & icon

If you don't specify a name in settings, one will be generated based on the site's folder name.
